Saml Integration (#2)
Signiant/mediashuttle-sdk-all-sample: saml-based-authentication/README.md

# SAML Integration with Media Shuttle SDK

This documentation specifies steps to integrate SAML with Media Shuttle SDK using [Okta Workforce Identity Cloud](https://www.okta.com) and [AWS Cognito User Pools](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-identity-pools.html).

## Create a SAML app in Okta

- Create an [Okta Workforce Identity](https://www.okta.com/free-trial/workforce-identity/) account and sign in.
- Create [SAML app integration](https://help.okta.com/en-us/content/topics/apps/apps_app_integration_wizard_saml.htm).

> - Under `GENERAL`, for Single sign on URL, enter `https://yourDomainPrefix.auth.region.amazoncognito.com/saml2/idpresponse`. Replace `yourDomainPrefix` and `region` with the values for your `user pool`.

Reviewer: Is there any prerequisite? where does admin need to have in place before getting these values?

Author: Refactored ReadMe with diagram and in a better-structured way, added prerequisite as well

- For `Audience URI (SP Entity ID)`, enter `urn:amazon:cognito:sp:yourUserPoolId`. Replace `yourUserPoolId` with your Amazon Cognito user pool ID. Find this value in the Amazon Cognito console on the `General settings` page for your user pool.
- Under `ATTRIBUTE STATEMENTS (OPTIONAL)`, add a statement with the following information:
  - For Name, enter the SAML attribute name `http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/emailaddress`. 
  - For Value, enter `user.email`.
- [Assign a user](https://help.okta.com/en-us/content/topics/provisioning/lcm/lcm-assign-app-user.htm) to your Okta application.

## AWS Cognito Configuration

- Get the IdP metadata for your Okta application - On the Sign On tab for your Okta app, find the Identity Provider metadata hyperlink. Right-click the hyperlink, and then copy the URL.

> - Configuration to be done by Signiant SRE in AWS Console.

Reviewer: Not clear. So there is a part of the config which needs to be done by the customer, and a part which needs to be done by Signiant SRE, correct? If so, then it will be better to clearly identify them in separate sections, not just as a bulletpoint.

Author: Segregated the sections in ReadMe.md

>   - Provide the `Login Identifier`(desired name) and `Metadata URL of the Okta App` to SRE for configuring your Okta app as identity provider in AWS Console.

Reviewer: What do you mean by ‘desired name’? Who defines that name?

Author: Tried phrasing this in a better way in the ReadMe.md with a little refactoring. Please review and let me know if this needs updates. Thanks!

  - Get `Console SSO` enabled for IdP login via Okta. This will create a user pool in the AWS Console and configure the `App Client Integration`.

>   - Add callback URL (for example `http://sample-page.com/authCallback`) of the sample web page as allowed callback URL in Cognito User Pool App Client. For `Callback URL(s)`, enter a URL where you want your users to be redirected after they log in.

Reviewer: I guess, this means that, if the page is served at https://sample-page.com, then the callback URL will be automatically https://sample-page.com/authCallback. Or does the admin or developer need to provide that specific endpoint in their service?

Author: @tobsign Tried phrasing this in a better way in the ReadMe.md with a little refactoring. Please review and let me know if that answers your question. Thanks!

## SAML Flow

The following steps demonstrate on how to initiate the cognito login flow:

> - Determine code verifier and code challenge required for authorization. You can use any online PKCE Generator Tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate a code verifier and a code challenge required for authorization. You can use any online PKCE Generator Tool.
```

Author: Updated

> - Provide the code verifier and generate the code challenge

Reviewer: Really needed?

Author: Removed
